#labels TTS,TTSAPI,API
These are the API's of TTS module 

= Introduction =

These are the functions of different processes working in the background of the TTS module to execute & satisfy the user requirements.

*API's*
  * *getText()*:- Retrieve/Recognize the user entered text & generate a request to the database.

  * *recognizeType()*:- This function will recognize whether the entered text is number,character,special character,a word or a sentence.

  * *retrieveSound()*:- Retrieves the appropriate pronounciation of the word or character in the response to the user request from the database.

  * *retrieveImage()*:- Retrives the appropriate objects image for some of the words like Fruits,Vehicles etc. for better introduction of the child to the word from the database.

  * *Speak()*:- By this function the result of the retrieveSound() method will be available to the actual user in terms of sound .

  * *displayImage()*:- By this function the image that is retrieved from the database in the retrieveImage() method is displayed on the screen.

  * *recognizeSpace()*:- This function will recognize the space between two words of the sentense.Only one space is allowed in between two words,more spaces will be considered as the end of the statement & system will not read the words following that spaces.

  * *recognizeDot()*:- This function will recognize the "Dot" character in the sentense that will be either acting as a special character in the sentense like in the e-mail address piyubharati@gmail.com or as a full stop to indicate the end of the statement.

  * *recognizeEnd()*:- This function will recognize the end of the statement either by full stop or by more than one space in two words.